{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 All values are in units per 100 g of edible food (units for each nutrient are below).  Foods were chosen to represent uncooked and least processed versions to preclude changes in ingredients and weight compared with FAO commodities.  \
\
Not every food is included in each FCT, and the methodology for estimating missing values based on global averages is described further in the GENuS methodology manuscript:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0146976"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0146976}}  \
\
Sources:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\i US:
\i0   U.S. Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service. USDA National Nutrient Database for Standard Reference, Release 27, 2014. Available: http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/ndl.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\i Africa:
\i0   Stadlmayr B, Charrondiere UR, Enujiugha VN, Bayili RG, Fagbohoun EG, et al. West African Food Composition Table. Rome: FAO. 2012.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\i Latin America:
\i0   Tabla de Composici\'f3n de Alimentos de Am\'e9rica Latina. Rome: FAO. 2009.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\i Southeast Asia:
\i0   ASEAN Food Composition Database, Institute of Nutrition, Mahidol University, Thailand, 2014. Available: http://www.inmu.mahidol.ac.th/aseanfoods/composition_data.html\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\i Northeast Asia: 
\i0  NEASIAFOODS, China Food Nutrition Network, 2010. Available: neasiafoods.org.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\i India: 
\i0  Gopalan C, Rama Sastri BV, Balasubramanian SC, Nutritive Value of Indian Foods, National Institute of Nutrition, Indian Council of Medical Research, 1989.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\i Africa (used solely to fill in gaps in West African table):  
\i0 Leung WT, Food Composition Table for Use in Africa. Rome: FAO. 1968.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Units for nutrients:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Calories: kcal\
{\listtext	\'95	}Protein: g\
{\listtext	\'95	}Fat: g\
{\listtext	\'95	}Carbohydrates: g\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vitamin C: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Vitamin A: mcg RAE\
{\listtext	\'95	}Folate: mcg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Calcium: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Iron: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Zinc: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Potassium: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Dietary Fiber: g\
{\listtext	\'95	}Copper: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Sodium: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Phosphorus: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Thiamin: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Riboflavin: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Niacin: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}B6: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Magnesium: mg\
{\listtext	\'95	}Saturated FA: g\
{\listtext	\'95	}Monounsaturated FA: g\
{\listtext	\'95	}Polyunsaturated FA: g\
}